README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Justin</h1>
<h3 align="center">A energetic Junior Developer from South Africa!</h3>

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at: [https://github.com/JustInTimez?tab=repositories](https://github.com/JustInTimez?tab=repositories)

- 📄 Know about my experiences: [https://justintimez.github.io/digital-resume-final/](https://justintimez.github.io/digital-resume-final/)

- ⚡ Fun fact: **Mechanical keyboards (brown switches) and coding go very well together! <i>Click Click!</i>**

<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=justintimez&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=dark" alt="justintimez" /></p>

<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=justintimez&theme=dark" alt="justintimez" /></p>

<h3 align="center">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=justintimez&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact&theme=dark" alt="justintimez" /></p>

Commit message:

Updates what I'm doing
Wanting to learn Python as well, so trying my best to make time and follow the 100 day process!

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Justin</h1>
<h3 align="center">A energetic Junior Developer from South Africa!</h3>

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at: [https://github.com/JustInTimez?tab=repositories](https://github.com/JustInTimez?tab=repositories)

- 📄 Know about my experiences: [https://justintimez.github.io/digital-resume-final/](https://justintimez.github.io/digital-resume-final/)

- ⚡ Fun Fact: **Mechanical keyboards (brown switches) and coding go very well together! <i>Click Click!</i>**

- ⚡⚡ Dbl FunFact: Currently learning Python on the side, in progress with <a href="https://www.udemy.com/course/100-days-of-code/">Angela Yu's Python Pro</a> course!

<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=justintimez&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=dark" alt="justintimez" /></p>

<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=justintimez&theme=dark" alt="justintimez" /></p>

<h3 align="center">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=justintimez&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact&theme=dark" alt="justintimez" /></p>
